I would like to talk about the recent situation here.
As for the independence of the military, I will talk about it on the 28th of July.
The military is working on the great plan of the imperial army.
It is the focus of the powerful military and the army.
It is the main focus of the army and the army.
The imperial language, and jumped at the end of the year
I came back and saw you reporting that the imperial sport.
Also on January 13, 1931, for 23 days and three weeks, they celebrated Edo solitude.
On the 22nd day, they also celebrated the dawn of the single- significantly education rebound.
I am very grateful for the support of the military.
On March 22, I will hold a meeting with the Parmo Supervisor.
I will express my intention to establish a new building.
We have also raised funds for each other and exchanged ideas without any hesitation.
I would like to present to you the main items that have been included as the intention of the Imperial Government.
First, I would like to commemorate the independence of the building.
I would like to express my gratitude to the new building for its responsibility and the fact that it is a complete independent building.
I would like to express my gratitude to the Imperial Government for its cooperation in the construction of the building.
I would like to express my gratitude to the Imperial Government for its help in the construction of the building.